♪ I can't count the times ♪
♪ I almost said
what's on my mind ♪
♪ But I didn't ♪
♪ Just the other day ♪
♪ I wrote down all
the things I'd say ♪
♪ But I couldn't ♪
♪ I just couldn't ♪
♪ Baby I know that
you've been wondering ♪
♪ Mmm, so here goes nothing ♪
♪ In case you didn't know ♪
♪ Baby I'm crazy 'bout you ♪
♪ And I would be
lying if I said ♪
♪ That I could live
this life without you ♪
♪ Even though I don't
tell you all the time ♪
♪ You had my heart
a long time ago ♪
♪ In case you didn't know ♪
♪ The way you look tonight ♪
♪ That second glass of wine ♪
♪ That did it ♪
♪ There was something
'bout that kiss ♪
♪ Girl it did me in ♪
♪ Got me thinking ♪
♪ I'm thinking ♪
♪ One of the things that
I've been feeling ♪
♪ Mmm, it's time you hear 'em ♪
♪ In case you didn't know ♪
♪ Baby I'm crazy 'bout you ♪
♪ And I would be
lying if I said ♪
♪ That I could live
this life without you ♪
♪ Even though I don't
tell you all the time ♪
♪ You had my heart a
long long time ago ♪
♪ In case you didn't know ♪
♪ You've got all of me ♪
♪ I belong to you ♪
♪ Yeah you're my everything ♪
♪ In case you didn't know ♪
♪ I'm crazy 'bout you ♪
♪ I would be lying if I said ♪
♪ That I could live
this life without you ♪
♪ Even though I don't
tell you all the time ♪
♪ You had my heart a
long long time ago ♪
♪ Yeah, you had my heart
a long long time ago ♪
♪ In case you didn't know ♪